So the next table we're going to create the teams table.
So the rooms table has an ID which is an it and it's also our primary key which is auto incrementing.
Then the next column is our name so the name of the room.
And this is a vulture.
And this also has not no constraint.
And then the final column is the number of seats that the room contains.
So this is an end and it's also not no say whether the room contains 64 C so 32 C S set your etc..
So now that I put in my school workbench and create the rooms table
OK so we need to type create table rooms opened up higher brackets with the semi-colon and then within
the brackets we need to enter all columns just like before.
So the first one again is ID and isn't in it.
It's a primary key and it auto increments comma and then the next column is on name column.
And this is a vulture all of maximum length 45.
And it's not.
No.
And then the final call him in rooms table is the number of seats.
And I see.
And this is an integer and it's also not no.
And that's it for the rooms table really simple.
So now we need to run that statement.
We can show tables in our database and we see the rooms table has been added and then we can describe
rooms
and you can see we have free columns ID name number of seats the data type whether then not know or
not the keys primary key anti-vote value and extras just like before.
OK so that's it for this video.